Update next.md (#75)
stoplightio/platform-docs: 6.-migrations/next.md

|                                                                                                       |  Timeline   | Description                                                                                                                               |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :---------: | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Docs: Theming](https://roadmap.stoplight.io/c/52-theming-and-branding)                               |  Done  | Customize the branding and colors                                                                                                         |
| [Docs: Versioning](https://roadmap.stoplight.io/c/60-multiple-branches)                               |  Done  | Show/hide specific branches in each project's docs                                                                                        |

> | [Docs: Table of Contents ordering](https://roadmap.stoplight.io/c/59-customize-docs-sidebar-ordering) | Short-term  | Completely custom ordering of your docs sidebar. By default, files will be organized alphabetically, matching the order in the filesystem |
> | [Docs: Custom CSS, JS, and HTML](https://roadmap.stoplight.io/c/57-embeddable-component-library)      | Short-term  | Rich component library for creating custom API docs site                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Docs: Table of Contents ordering](https://roadmap.stoplight.io/c/59-customize-docs-sidebar-ordering) | In progress  | Completely custom ordering of your docs sidebar. By default, files will be organized alphabetically, matching the order in the filesystem |
| [Docs: Custom CSS, JS, and HTML](https://roadmap.stoplight.io/c/57-embeddable-component-library)      | In progress  | Rich component library for creating custom API docs site                                                                                  |
```
